Improve README (#50)
ansible-collections/amazon_cloud_code_generator: README.md

## Usage

> The `amazon_cloud_code_generator`'s core content is hosted in the `amazon_cloud_code_generator/` directory containing the following subdirectories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `amazon_cloud_code_generator` core content is hosted in the `amazon_cloud_code_generator/` directory, which contains the following subdirectories:
```

- `cmd/` - hosts the main logic of the `amazon_cloud_code_generator`.
    ```

>     │   ├── generator.py  # Implements the logic to scrape the CloudFormation resource schema and performs all the pre-processing needed to produce each module's DOCUMENTATION block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    │   ├── generator.py  # Implements the logic to scrape the CloudFormation resource schema and performs all the pre-processing to produce the DOCUMENTATION block for each module
```

    │   ├── refresh_examples.py  # Implements the logic to update EXAMPLES block scraping all the tasks tagged with `tags: [docs]` from `amazon_cloud_code_generator/data/tests/integration/targets/`
    │   ├── refresh_modules.py  # Implements the logic to generate all the modules specified inside `resources.py` including all the utilities

>     │   ├── resources.py  # Sets the AWS resources names we are going to generate  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    │   ├── resources.py  # Sets the AWS resource names we are going to generate  
```

>     │   ├── utils.py  # Implements utilities functions for the generator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    │   ├── utils.py  # Implements utility functions for the generator
```

    ```

> - `config/` - Contains the `modules.yaml` file where for each of the AWS resources we generate an entry representing the module's name must be added. Additionally, you can also set other information that will be used in module's DOCUMENTATION like short_description, description, and so forth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `config/` - Contains the `modules.yaml` file where, for each of the AWS resources we generate, an entry representing the module's name must be added. Additionally, you can also set other information that will be used in module's DOCUMENTATION like short_description, description, and so forth.
```

> - `data/` - Contains the content that will be copied over the generated collection. A high level overview of the subdirectory's content is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data/` - Contains the content that is copied to the generated collection. A high level overview of the subdirectory content is shown below:
```

> - `data/` - Contains the content that will be copied over the generated collection. A high level overview of the subdirectory's content is shown below.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `data/` - Contains the content that will be copied over to the generated collection. A high level overview of the subdirectory's content is shown below.
```

    ```

>     ├── changelogs  # Changelog fragments that will be used for the new collection release

Reviewer 3: I think changelogs and plugins folders should be at the same level.

Reviewer 3: I do not see the 'changelogs' folder under data. Am I missing something?

Author: I fixed the indentation level. You're right. changelogs folder was one my local copy. Just removed from the tree.

    │   ├── plugins
    │   │   └── module_utils # Modules utils that are used by the collection plugins
    │   │       ├── core.py
    │   │       ├── utils.py
    │   │       └── waiters.py
    │   └── tests  # Contains the units and integrations tests
    │       ├── config.yml
    │       ├── integration
    │       │   ├── constraints.txt
    │       │   ├── requirements.txt
    │       │   └── targets
    │       │       ├── logs
    │       │       │   ├── aliases
    │       │       │   └── tasks
    │       │       │       └── main.yml
    │       │       ├── ...
    │       └── unit
    │           ├── constraints.txt
    │           ├── module_utils
    │           │   ├── test_core.py
    │           │   └── test_utils.py
    │           └── requirements.txt
    ```

> - `templates/` - Hosts the templates files that will be used to generate each resource's plugin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `templates/` - Hosts the templates files that generate each resource's plugin. 
```

> - `templates/` - Hosts the templates files that will be used to generate each collection's plugin. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `templates/` - Hosts the templates files that will be used to generate each resource's plugin. 
```
I'm not sure about this one, but I think that you don't mean collection?

    ```
    ├── default_module.j2
    └── header.j2
    ```

> The modules generated by the `amazon_cloud_code_generator/` will be made available in the `cloud` subdirectory by default. You can use the following command to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modules generated by the `amazon_cloud_code_generator/` are available in the `cloud` subdirectory by default. You can use the following command to do so:
```

Reviewer: IMO that last sentence is not very clear. Does that provide an example of how to invoke modules generated in the `cloud` subdirectory?

If so, then maybe change "You can use the following command to do so:" to something like "You can invoke modules in that subdirectory as in the following example command:"

Author: @oraNod Tried to rephrase. That command allows you to use the amazon_cloud_code_generator basically.

> The modules generated by the `amazon_cloud_code_generator/` will be made availabale in the `cloud` subdirectory by default. You can use the following command to do so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The modules generated by the `amazon_cloud_code_generator/` will be made available in the `cloud` subdirectory by default. You can use the following command to do so:
```

```python -m amazon_cloud_code_generator.cmd.refresh_modules```

A different target directory can be specified by using:

```python -m amazon_cloud_code_generator.cmd.refresh_modules --target-dir /somewhere/else```

When available, the documented EXAMPLE block of the generated modules can be updated by using the following command:

```python -m amazon_cloud_code_generator.cmd.refresh_examples```

## How to refresh the amazon.cloud collection

Fork the original [``amazon.cloud collection``](https://github.com/ansible-collections/amazon.cloud) repository to your account on GitHub. Ensure to have the path `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud` and clone the repository from your fork:
```
mkdir -p ~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USER/amazon.cloud ~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud
```

> Refresh the content of the modules moving in the repository path using `tox -e refresh_modules`.

Reviewer 2: It's unclear to me what `moving in the repository path` means here.  Would that be something like, "Refresh the content of the modules by running `tox -e refresh_modules` from the root of the repository"?

Author: Rephrased like this: ``Refresh the content of the modules by moving in the repository path `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud` and running `tox -e refresh_modules`.
``

> Refresh the content of the modules by moving in the repository path `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud` and running `tox -e refresh_modules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh the content of the modules by changing your path to `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud` and running `tox -e refresh_modules`.
```

This command will refresh the content of the ``amazon.cloud collection`` plugins including EXAMPLE block and will format the plugins using the black formatter.
```
cd ~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud
tox -e refresh_modules
```

You can also specify the next release version by passing the `--next-version` parameter as follows:
```
tox -e refresh_modules --next-version 0.2.0
```

> Individual opperations are also allowed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Individual operations are also allowed. 
```

For example, you can only format the Python code of the plugins using the black formatter by running:

```tox -e black```

> You can also refresh the plugins documentation localed in `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud/docs` just by running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also refresh the plugins documentation located in `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud/docs` just by running.
```

Author: Rephrased like this: ``Refresh the content of the modules by moving in the repository path `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud` and running `tox -e refresh_modules`.
``

> You can also refresh the plugins documentation located in `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud/docs` just by running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also refresh the plugins documentation located in `~/.ansible/collections/ansible_collections/amazon/cloud/docs` by running.
```
